hello everybody this is there hope
everyone is doing magnificent some
things to get out of I've been talking a
lot about getting out of the dollar
doesn't matter which dollar whether it
be the American the Japanese yen the
Euro the Canadian dollar that peso the
Australian dollar I don't really think
it does yes some may outperform others
we've seen the American dollar been at
as they were outperform by other
currencies meaning Canada has been doing
better if you were to a purchase
canadian dollars as an american 10 years
ago and sold them today you would have
profited if you would about gold 10
years ago well now you would have seen
profits in the state of about two
hundred and fifty percent and one
hundred and fifty percent in canada and
europe what this tells me american
dollar has lost more but all other
dollars are still losing that comes with
the inflationary aspect their prices go
higher and that means you're buying
power has less so when I talk about
getting out of the dollar I mean buying
real tangible assets within strings 'ok
value and you look at stuff like gold
and silver you can actually hold it see
it store it and use it and i don't know
how much of gold you can use in
comparison to silver that's why I like
it a lot more and then the main one of
course is food I've had people talk
about gold and silver you cannot eat
gold and silver really really wow did
not know that and I'm supposing that I
can't drive a bag of rice to the next
town either you know what you're
probably right about that meaning you
only don't only buy stuff to eat but you
do buy stuff to eat and other things so
food is very important yes it is
extremely important and will it be very
easy to sell your silver and gold for
food later on that's definitely
debatable quest
but it looks like it probably will be
easier these value eyes to tree it
compared to dollars say in two years
three years whatever however the second
thing in which i think is importantly
going to get out of and even more
important is that of fear and when I say
fear I mean negativity negative thoughts
negative actions what we call a lower
frequency a lower energy base and
replace that with love when you get into
the dollar you're getting out of it for
real assets and if you get out of a
fear-based system you get into a
positive base system and if this isn't
the type of event that really happens
overnight week month or year in fact if
you've noticed that you've had
difficulties with stress sad really
having a lot of negative emotions if you
can say to yourself man it's not as bad
as it was before that's a positivity in
my opinion anyway and even if you're
positive that doesn't mean that only
good stuff is going to happen because
you got a core consciousness field that
is bringing back both good and bad stuff
and even all your past actions you have
had when they were negative are going to
come back whether it be earlier actions
is sea air any time in your life or
previous life's can come back to
negative events but what I have noticed
first hand is that when you get into a
positive mindset and bad stuff comes
back and say heck of a lot easier to
handle that is huge when if you are
normally used to having say physical
pain and it comes next thing you know
you can handle it better it's still
going to be painful but you can handle
it but or if you're a gambler and you
have a bad losing day you lose a bunch
of money if you can eliminate the stress
of that that can create like positive
results maybe that's sick
nonetheless when thoughts create actions
and you know this information then what
I find the best is to slowly transition
yourself away from fear don't try to do
it overnight but try to make progress
that's the main thing like I'm saying if
you had a week where you had 50 negative
actions and thoughts and the following
weekend we have 45 of them that is an
improvement so thank you all for
watching and have yourself a great day
everyone bye-bye